Match ends, Juventus 1, Real Madrid 4.
90'		Second Half ends, Juventus 1, Real Madrid 4.
90'+4'		Foul by Mario Mandzukic (Juventus).
90'+4'		Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
90'+4'		Foul by Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid).
90'+4'		Dani Alves (Juventus) wins a free kick on the right wing.
90'+4'		Attempt blocked. Gareth Bale (Real Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
90'+3'		Attempt blocked. Álvaro Morata (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Gareth Bale.
90'+2'		Hand ball by Dani Alves (Juventus).
90'+1'		Marco Asensio (Real Madrid) is shown the yellow card for excessive celebration.
90'		Goal! Juventus 1, Real Madrid 4. Marco Asensio (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Marcelo following a set piece situation.
90'		Attempt blocked. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
90'		Luka Modric (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
90'		Foul by Dani Alves (Juventus).
89'		Substitution, Real Madrid. Álvaro Morata replaces Toni Kroos.
84'		Second yellow card to Juan Cuadrado (Juventus).
82'		Substitution, Real Madrid. Marco Asensio replaces Isco.
82'		Attempt missed. Alex Sandro (Juventus) header from the right side of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Dani Alves with a cross following a set piece situation.
81'		Juan Cuadrado (Juventus) wins a free kick on the right wing.
81'		Foul by Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid).
80'		Hand ball by Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid).
78'		Foul by Mario Lemina (Juventus).
78'		Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
78'		Substitution, Juventus. Mario Lemina replaces Paulo Dybala.
77'		Substitution, Real Madrid. Gareth Bale replaces Karim Benzema.
76'		Isco (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the left wing.
76'		Foul by Dani Alves (Juventus).
75'		Attempt missed. Marcelo (Real Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is too high.
75'		Attempt blocked. Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Toni Kroos.
74'		Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
74'		Foul by Juan Cuadrado (Juventus).
73'		Attempt missed. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Marcelo.
72'		Juan Cuadrado (Juventus) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
72'		Foul by Juan Cuadrado (Juventus).
72'		Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
71'		Offside, Real Madrid. Marcelo tries a through ball, but Isco is caught offside.
70'		Substitution, Juventus. Claudio Marchisio replaces Miralem Pjanic.
70'		Alex Sandro (Juventus) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
70'		Raphael Varane (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
70'		Foul by Alex Sandro (Juventus).
67'		Offside, Juventus. Sami Khedira tries a through ball, but Paulo Dybala is caught offside.
67'		Foul by Miralem Pjanic (Juventus).
67'		Casemiro (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the right wing.
66'		Substitution, Juventus. Juan Cuadrado replaces Andrea Barzagli.
66'		Miralem Pjanic (Juventus) is shown the yellow card.
66'		Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
66'		Foul by Paulo Dybala (Juventus).
64'		Goal! Juventus 1, Real Madrid 3. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Luka Modric with a cross.
63'		Offside, Juventus. Miralem Pjanic tries a through ball, but Dani Alves is caught offside.
61'		Goal! Juventus 1, Real Madrid 2. Casemiro (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner.
61'		Attempt blocked. Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Karim Benzema.
60'		Isco (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the left wing.
60'		Foul by Leonardo Bonucci (Juventus).
59'		Attempt missed. Isco (Real Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top left corner. Assisted by Daniel Carvajal.
56'		Attempt missed. Marcelo (Real Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses the top left corner.
54'		Attempt saved. Luka Modric (Real Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Daniel Carvajal.
54'		Luka Modric (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
54'		Foul by Alex Sandro (Juventus).
53'		Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
53'		Sami Khedira (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
53'		Foul by Toni Kroos (Real Madrid).
50'		Delay over. They are ready to continue.
49'		Delay in match Leonardo Bonucci (Juventus) because of an injury.
48'		Leonardo Bonucci (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
48'		Foul by Raphael Varane (Real Madrid).
48'		Corner, Real Madrid. Conceded by Andrea Barzagli.
47'		Foul by Sami Khedira (Juventus).
47'		Casemiro (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
45'		Second Half begins Juventus 1, Real Madrid 1.
45'		First Half ends, Juventus 1, Real Madrid 1.
45'+1'		Attempt blocked. Isco (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Toni Kroos.
45'		Attempt missed. Casemiro (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Isco.
44'		Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
44'		Foul by Miralem Pjanic (Juventus).
42'		Marcelo (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
42'		Foul by Dani Alves (Juventus).
42'		Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
42'		Mario Mandzukic (Juventus) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
42'		Foul by Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid).
41'		Marcelo (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
41'		Foul by Dani Alves (Juventus).
40'		Attempt blocked. Miralem Pjanic (Juventus) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
40'		Foul by Toni Kroos (Real Madrid).
40'		Andrea Barzagli (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
39'		Delay over. They are ready to continue.
38'		Delay in match Mario Mandzukic (Juventus) because of an injury.
37'		Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
37'		Foul by Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus).
37'		Corner, Juventus. Conceded by Daniel Carvajal.
35'		Miralem Pjanic (Juventus) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
35'		Foul by Karim Benzema (Real Madrid).
35'		Attempt blocked. Paulo Dybala (Juventus) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
34'		Paulo Dybala (Juventus) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
34'		Foul by Luka Modric (Real Madrid).
33'		Attempt missed. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Isco with a cross.
32'		Luka Modric (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
32'		Foul by Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus).
31'		Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
31'		Foul by Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid).
31'		Dani Alves (Juventus) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
31'		Attempt blocked. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
30'		Mario Mandzukic (Juventus) wins a free kick on the left wing.
30'		Foul by Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid).
30'		Paulo Dybala (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
30'		Foul by Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid).
27'		Goal! Juventus 1, Real Madrid 1. Mario Mandzukic (Juventus) right footed shot from the left side of the box to the top right corner. Assisted by Gonzalo Higuaín.
26'		Attempt blocked. Gonzalo Higuaín (Juventus) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Mario Mandzukic.
23'		Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
23'		Foul by Miralem Pjanic (Juventus).
23'		Attempt blocked. Miralem Pjanic (Juventus) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked.
20'		Goal! Juventus 0, Real Madrid 1. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Daniel Carvajal.
18'		Miralem Pjanic (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
18'		Foul by Casemiro (Real Madrid).
15'		Paulo Dybala (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
15'		Foul by Casemiro (Real Madrid).
15'		Foul by Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid).
15'		Alex Sandro (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
13'		Hand ball by Karim Benzema (Real Madrid).
12'		Paulo Dybala (Juventus) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
12'		Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
12'		Foul by Paulo Dybala (Juventus).
10'		Isco (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the right wing.
10'		Foul by Alex Sandro (Juventus).
8'		Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the left wing.
8'		Foul by Dani Alves (Juventus).
7'		Mario Mandzukic (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
7'		Foul by Daniel Carvajal (Real Madrid).
7'		Offside, Juventus. Miralem Pjanic tries a through ball, but Mario Mandzukic is caught offside.
7'		Attempt saved. Miralem Pjanic (Juventus) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner.
4'		Attempt saved. Gonzalo Higuaín (Juventus) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Leonardo Bonucci.
3'		Attempt saved. Gonzalo Higuaín (Juventus) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top right corner. Assisted by Mario Mandzukic with a cross.
2'		Leonardo Bonucci (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
2'		Foul by Karim Benzema (Real Madrid).
1'		Luka Modric (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
1'		Foul by Sami Khedira (Juventus).
-		Lineups are announced and players are warming up.
-		First Half begins.