90'+1'		Match ends, Hull City 1, Tottenham Hotspur 7.
90'		Second Half ends, Hull City 1, Tottenham Hotspur 7.
90'		Delay over. They are ready to continue.
90'		Delay in match Andrea Ranocchia (Hull City) because of an injury.
89'		Attempt blocked. Vincent Janssen (Tottenham Hotspur) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Mousa Dembélé.
87'		Goal! Hull City 1, Tottenham Hotspur 7. Toby Alderweireld (Tottenham Hotspur) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Kieran Trippier with a cross.
87'		Corner, Tottenham Hotspur. Conceded by Andrea Ranocchia.
86'		Son Heung-Min (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
86'		Foul by Alfred N'Diaye (Hull City).
84'		Goal! Hull City 1, Tottenham Hotspur 6. Ben Davies (Tottenham Hotspur) left footed shot from outside the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Victor Wanyama following a set piece situation.
84'		Kieran Trippier (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick on the right wing.
84'		Foul by Andrew Robertson (Hull City).
82'		Attempt saved. Moussa Sissoko (Tottenham Hotspur) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
80'		Attempt missed. Christian Eriksen (Tottenham Hotspur) left footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Son Heung-Min.
80'		Mousa Dembélé (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
80'		Foul by Alfred N'Diaye (Hull City).
79'		Substitution, Tottenham Hotspur. Vincent Janssen replaces Harry Kane.
78'		Hand ball by Kamil Grosicki (Hull City).
77'		Attempt missed. Harry Kane (Tottenham Hotspur) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Kieran Trippier with a cross.
73'		Substitution, Tottenham Hotspur. Moussa Sissoko replaces Dele Alli.
73'		Substitution, Tottenham Hotspur. Mousa Dembélé replaces Eric Dier.
73'		Substitution, Hull City. Andrew Robertson replaces Josh Tymon.
72'		Substitution, Hull City. Ahmed Elmohamady replaces Jarrod Bowen.
72'		Goal! Hull City 1, Tottenham Hotspur 5. Harry Kane (Tottenham Hotspur) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Dele Alli.
69'		Goal! Hull City 1, Tottenham Hotspur 4. Victor Wanyama (Tottenham Hotspur) header from the left side of the six yard box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Christian Eriksen with a cross following a set piece situation.
68'		Foul by Tom Huddlestone (Hull City).
68'		Christian Eriksen (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick on the right wing.
67'		Attempt saved. Dele Alli (Tottenham Hotspur) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Son Heung-Min.
67'		Attempt saved. Christian Eriksen (Tottenham Hotspur) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Dele Alli.
66'		Goal! Hull City 1, Tottenham Hotspur 3. Sam Clucas (Hull City) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Oumar Niasse.
66'		Attempt blocked. Oumar Niasse (Hull City) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Kamil Grosicki.
65'		Attempt saved. Tom Huddlestone (Hull City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal.
65'		Attempt saved. Kamil Grosicki (Hull City) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Tom Huddlestone.
62'		Attempt saved. Dele Alli (Tottenham Hotspur) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assisted by Harry Kane with a cross.
60'		Attempt missed. Oumar Niasse (Hull City) right footed shot from the right side of the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Omar Elabdellaoui.
59'		Attempt missed. Jarrod Bowen (Hull City) left footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left.
58'		Foul by Tom Huddlestone (Hull City).
58'		Dele Alli (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
57'		Attempt missed. Oumar Niasse (Hull City) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Josh Tymon with a cross.
55'		Corner, Hull City. Conceded by Toby Alderweireld.
52'		Foul by Josh Tymon (Hull City).
52'		Dele Alli (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick on the right wing.
52'		Foul by Jarrod Bowen (Hull City).
52'		Ben Davies (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick on the left wing.
51'		Attempt saved. Son Heung-Min (Tottenham Hotspur) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Ben Davies.
51'		Attempt blocked. Harry Kane (Tottenham Hotspur) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Christian Eriksen.
51'		Attempt saved. Andrea Ranocchia (Hull City) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assisted by Tom Huddlestone with a cross.
50'		Corner, Hull City. Conceded by Ben Davies.
45'		Substitution, Hull City. Kamil Grosicki replaces Curtis Davies.
45'		Second Half begins Hull City 0, Tottenham Hotspur 3.
45'		First Half ends, Hull City 0, Tottenham Hotspur 3.
45'+2'		Goal! Hull City 0, Tottenham Hotspur 3. Dele Alli (Tottenham Hotspur) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Son Heung-Min.
44'		Harry Kane (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
44'		Foul by Jarrod Bowen (Hull City).
44'		Delay over. They are ready to continue.
43'		Delay in match Andrea Ranocchia (Hull City) because of an injury.
42'		Jarrod Bowen (Hull City) wins a free kick on the right wing.
42'		Foul by Eric Dier (Tottenham Hotspur).
38'		Attempt saved. Eric Dier (Tottenham Hotspur) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Ben Davies with a cross.
38'		Corner, Tottenham Hotspur. Conceded by Andrea Ranocchia.
35'		Offside, Hull City. Andrea Ranocchia tries a through ball, but Oumar Niasse is caught offside.
35'		Sam Clucas (Hull City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
35'		Foul by Dele Alli (Tottenham Hotspur).
35'		Attempt saved. Son Heung-Min (Tottenham Hotspur) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top left corner. Assisted by Ben Davies.
30'		Jan Vertonghen (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
30'		Foul by Oumar Niasse (Hull City).
30'		Foul by Dele Alli (Tottenham Hotspur).
30'		Andrea Ranocchia (Hull City) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
24'		Victor Wanyama (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
24'		Foul by Alfred N'Diaye (Hull City).
20'		Corner, Tottenham Hotspur. Conceded by Curtis Davies.
18'		Jarrod Bowen (Hull City) wins a free kick on the right wing.
18'		Foul by Ben Davies (Tottenham Hotspur).
16'		Attempt missed. Dele Alli (Tottenham Hotspur) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Eric Dier following a set piece situation.
16'		Foul by Oumar Niasse (Hull City).
16'		Eric Dier (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
13'		Goal! Hull City 0, Tottenham Hotspur 2. Harry Kane (Tottenham Hotspur) left footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Kieran Trippier.
11'		Goal! Hull City 0, Tottenham Hotspur 1. Harry Kane (Tottenham Hotspur) left footed shot from outside the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Christian Eriksen.
7'		Foul by Alfred N'Diaye (Hull City).
7'		Dele Alli (Tottenham Hotspur) wins a free kick on the left wing.
7'		Attempt missed. Oumar Niasse (Hull City) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Andrea Ranocchia.
5'		Hand ball by Michael Dawson (Hull City).
5'		Attempt blocked. Jarrod Bowen (Hull City) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Omar Elabdellaoui.
3'		Offside, Hull City. Tom Huddlestone tries a through ball, but Alfred N'Diaye is caught offside.
2'		Oumar Niasse (Hull City) wins a free kick on the left wing.
2'		Foul by Eric Dier (Tottenham Hotspur).
-		Lineups are announced and players are warming up.
-		First Half begins.