90'+4'		Match ends, Juventus 2, Monaco 1.
90'+4'		Second Half ends, Juventus 2, Monaco 1.
90'+3'		Corner, Monaco. Conceded by Giorgio Chiellini.
90'+3'		Attempt blocked. Andrea Raggi (Monaco) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Valère Germain.
90'+1'		Mario Mandzukic (Juventus) is shown the yellow card.
89'		Corner, Juventus. Conceded by João Moutinho.
89'		Attempt blocked. Miralem Pjanic (Juventus) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
88'		Foul by João Moutinho (Monaco).
88'		Dani Alves (Juventus) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
88'		Leonardo Bonucci (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
88'		Foul by Falcao (Monaco).
87'		Foul by Valère Germain (Monaco).
87'		Alex Sandro (Juventus) wins a free kick on the left wing.
85'		Substitution, Juventus. Medhi Benatia replaces Andrea Barzagli because of an injury.
84'		Hand ball by João Moutinho (Monaco).
83'		Corner, Juventus. Conceded by Djibril Sidibe.
82'		Gonzalo Higuaín (Juventus) wins a free kick on the left wing.
82'		Foul by Kamil Glik (Monaco).
81'		Attempt missed. João Moutinho (Monaco) right footed shot from outside the box is too high.
79'		Offside, Juventus. Dani Alves tries a through ball, but Gonzalo Higuaín is caught offside.
78'		Substitution, Monaco. Valère Germain replaces Tiemoué Bakayoko.
77'		Mario Mandzukic (Juventus) wins a free kick on the left wing.
77'		Foul by Andrea Raggi (Monaco).
76'		Attempt missed. Fabinho (Monaco) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left.
75'		Miralem Pjanic (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
75'		Foul by Fabinho (Monaco).
74'		Delay over. They are ready to continue.
73'		Leonardo Bonucci (Juventus) is shown the yellow card.
73'		Delay in match Gonzalo Higuaín (Juventus) because of an injury.
71'		Foul by Falcao (Monaco).
71'		Alex Sandro (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
70'		Corner, Monaco. Conceded by Giorgio Chiellini.
70'		Foul by Mario Mandzukic (Juventus).
70'		Fabinho (Monaco) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
70'		Attempt blocked. Claudio Marchisio (Juventus) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Alex Sandro.
69'		Substitution, Monaco. Thomas Lemar replaces Bernardo Silva.
69'		Goal! Juventus 2, Monaco 1. Kylian Mbappe (Monaco) right footed shot from very close range to the top left corner. Assisted by João Moutinho following a corner.
68'		Corner, Monaco. Conceded by Dani Alves.
67'		Corner, Monaco. Conceded by Gianluigi Buffon.
67'		Attempt saved. Kylian Mbappe (Monaco) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Djibril Sidibe with a through ball.
63'		João Moutinho (Monaco) wins a free kick on the right wing.
63'		Foul by Mario Mandzukic (Juventus).
62'		Attempt missed. Mario Mandzukic (Juventus) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Dani Alves with a cross.
61'		Foul by Fabinho (Monaco).
61'		Claudio Marchisio (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
60'		Kamil Glik (Monaco) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
60'		Foul by Gonzalo Higuaín (Juventus).
58'		Foul by Bernardo Silva (Monaco).
58'		Alex Sandro (Juventus) wins a free kick on the left wing.
58'		Juan Cuadrado (Juventus) wins a free kick on the right wing.
58'		Foul by Djibril Sidibe (Monaco).
57'		Attempt missed. Gonzalo Higuaín (Juventus) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Leonardo Bonucci following a corner.
56'		Corner, Juventus. Conceded by Djibril Sidibe.
55'		Corner, Juventus. Conceded by Jemerson.
55'		Attempt blocked. Juan Cuadrado (Juventus) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Miralem Pjanic with a through ball.
54'		Substitution, Monaco. Fabinho replaces Benjamin Mendy.
54'		Substitution, Juventus. Juan Cuadrado replaces Paulo Dybala.
51'		Benjamin Mendy (Monaco) is shown the yellow card.
51'		Paulo Dybala (Juventus) wins a free kick on the right wing.
51'		Foul by Benjamin Mendy (Monaco).
50'		Attempt missed. João Moutinho (Monaco) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Benjamin Mendy.
49'		Paulo Dybala (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
49'		Foul by Tiemoué Bakayoko (Monaco).
46'		Foul by Jemerson (Monaco).
46'		Dani Alves (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
45'		Second Half begins Juventus 2, Monaco 0.
45'		First Half ends, Juventus 2, Monaco 0.
45'+1'		Mario Mandzukic (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
45'+1'		Foul by Andrea Raggi (Monaco).
44'		Goal! Juventus 2, Monaco 0. Dani Alves (Juventus) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom right corner following a corner.
44'		Corner, Juventus. Conceded by Danijel Subasic.
44'		Attempt saved. Paulo Dybala (Juventus) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Dani Alves.
43'		Attempt missed. Kylian Mbappe (Monaco) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is just a bit too high. Assisted by João Moutinho following a corner.
42'		Attempt blocked. Bernardo Silva (Monaco) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by João Moutinho.
42'		Corner, Monaco. Conceded by Giorgio Chiellini.
41'		João Moutinho (Monaco) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
41'		Foul by Claudio Marchisio (Juventus).
40'		Falcao (Monaco) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
40'		Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus) wins a free kick on the left wing.
40'		Foul by Falcao (Monaco).
39'		Foul by Benjamin Mendy (Monaco).
39'		Andrea Barzagli (Juventus) wins a free kick on the right wing.
37'		Attempt saved. Gonzalo Higuaín (Juventus) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Mario Mandzukic with a through ball.
36'		Offside, Juventus. Dani Alves tries a through ball, but Gonzalo Higuaín is caught offside.
35'		Attempt blocked. Djibril Sidibe (Monaco) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Kylian Mbappe.
33'		Goal! Juventus 1, Monaco 0. Mario Mandzukic (Juventus) left footed shot from the left side of the six yard box to the top left corner.
33'		Attempt saved. Mario Mandzukic (Juventus) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Dani Alves with a cross.
32'		Corner, Monaco. Conceded by Leonardo Bonucci.
32'		Tiemoué Bakayoko (Monaco) wins a free kick on the left wing.
32'		Foul by Mario Mandzukic (Juventus).
32'		Corner, Monaco. Conceded by Andrea Barzagli.
31'		Offside, Monaco. Andrea Raggi tries a through ball, but Kamil Glik is caught offside.
30'		Foul by Giorgio Chiellini (Juventus).
30'		Djibril Sidibe (Monaco) wins a free kick on the right wing.
28'		Corner, Juventus. Conceded by Andrea Raggi.
28'		Attempt blocked. Miralem Pjanic (Juventus) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Paulo Dybala with a through ball.
27'		Attempt missed. Mario Mandzukic (Juventus) header from the left side of the box misses to the right.
25'		Attempt saved. Mario Mandzukic (Juventus) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Gonzalo Higuaín with a through ball.
22'		Attempt missed. Gonzalo Higuaín (Juventus) right footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Paulo Dybala.
22'		Mario Mandzukic (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
22'		Foul by Andrea Raggi (Monaco).
18'		Foul by Claudio Marchisio (Juventus).
18'		Bernardo Silva (Monaco) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
17'		Tiemoué Bakayoko (Monaco) wins a free kick on the left wing.
17'		Foul by Paulo Dybala (Juventus).
16'		Kylian Mbappe (Monaco) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
16'		Foul by Andrea Barzagli (Juventus).
15'		Attempt missed. Paulo Dybala (Juventus) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Mario Mandzukic with a headed pass.
12'		Foul by Benjamin Mendy (Monaco).
12'		Dani Alves (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
11'		Jemerson (Monaco) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
11'		Foul by Gonzalo Higuaín (Juventus).
10'		Substitution, Juventus. Claudio Marchisio replaces Sami Khedira because of an injury.
10'		Delay over. They are ready to continue.
10'		Delay in match Sami Khedira (Juventus) because of an injury.
7'		Foul by Benjamin Mendy (Monaco).
7'		Dani Alves (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
7'		Attempt missed. Falcao (Monaco) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by João Moutinho.
7'		Foul by Mario Mandzukic (Juventus).
7'		Andrea Raggi (Monaco) wins a free kick on the right wing.
5'		Foul by Benjamin Mendy (Monaco).
5'		Dani Alves (Juventus) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
5'		Offside, Monaco. João Moutinho tries a through ball, but Kylian Mbappe is caught offside.
5'		Attempt blocked. João Moutinho (Monaco) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Bernardo Silva.
1'		Corner, Monaco. Conceded by Leonardo Bonucci.
1'		Offside, Monaco. Andrea Raggi tries a through ball, but Falcao is caught offside.
-		Lineups are announced and players are warming up.
-		First Half begins.