90'		Match ends, Liverpool 3, Middlesbrough 0.
90'		Second Half ends, Liverpool 3, Middlesbrough 0.
90'+2'		Foul by Emre Can (Liverpool).
90'+2'		Adam Forshaw (Middlesbrough) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
90'+1'		Attempt saved. Adam Forshaw (Middlesbrough) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
90'+1'		Patrick Bamford (Middlesbrough) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
90'+1'		Foul by Lucas Leiva (Liverpool).
90'		Corner, Liverpool. Conceded by Grant Leadbitter.
89'		Lucas Leiva (Liverpool) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
89'		Foul by Adam Clayton (Middlesbrough).
86'		Substitution, Liverpool. Alberto Moreno replaces James Milner.
82'		Substitution, Liverpool. Divock Origi replaces Daniel Sturridge.
82'		Attempt missed. Adam Forshaw (Middlesbrough) right footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Álvaro Negredo with a through ball.
79'		Substitution, Liverpool. Lucas Leiva replaces Roberto Firmino.
77'		Attempt saved. Emre Can (Liverpool) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Adam Lallana.
76'		Attempt blocked. Daniel Sturridge (Liverpool) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Roberto Firmino.
73'		Substitution, Middlesbrough. Álvaro Negredo replaces Rudy Gestede.
73'		Substitution, Middlesbrough. Daniel Ayala replaces Fabio.
73'		Attempt missed. Daniel Sturridge (Liverpool) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Emre Can.
70'		Attempt saved. Adam Lallana (Liverpool) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top left corner. Assisted by Georginio Wijnaldum.
69'		Attempt missed. Daniel Sturridge (Liverpool) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Adam Lallana.
67'		Attempt missed. Georginio Wijnaldum (Liverpool) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Roberto Firmino.
67'		Georginio Wijnaldum (Liverpool) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
67'		Foul by Adam Forshaw (Middlesbrough).
66'		Foul by Patrick Bamford (Middlesbrough).
66'		Emre Can (Liverpool) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
64'		Foul by Patrick Bamford (Middlesbrough).
64'		Daniel Sturridge (Liverpool) wins a free kick on the left wing.
64'		Grant Leadbitter (Middlesbrough) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
64'		Foul by Georginio Wijnaldum (Liverpool).
63'		Rudy Gestede (Middlesbrough) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
63'		Foul by Dejan Lovren (Liverpool).
61'		Foul by Adam Clayton (Middlesbrough).
61'		Adam Lallana (Liverpool) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
60'		Attempt missed. Rudy Gestede (Middlesbrough) header from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Stewart Downing with a cross following a set piece situation.
59'		Rudy Gestede (Middlesbrough) wins a free kick on the right wing.
59'		Foul by James Milner (Liverpool).
59'		Stewart Downing (Middlesbrough) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
59'		Foul by James Milner (Liverpool).
58'		Corner, Liverpool. Conceded by Brad Guzan.
58'		Attempt saved. Philippe Coutinho (Liverpool) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Nathaniel Clyne.
57'		Corner, Middlesbrough. Conceded by Simon Mignolet.
57'		Attempt saved. Adam Forshaw (Middlesbrough) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Rudy Gestede with a headed pass.
56'		Rudy Gestede (Middlesbrough) is shown the yellow card.
56'		Goal! Liverpool 3, Middlesbrough 0. Adam Lallana (Liverpool) left footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Georginio Wijnaldum with a headed pass following a fast break.
55'		Corner, Middlesbrough. Conceded by Roberto Firmino.
54'		Offside, Liverpool. Joel Matip tries a through ball, but Adam Lallana is caught offside.
54'		Foul by Rudy Gestede (Middlesbrough).
54'		Dejan Lovren (Liverpool) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
53'		Attempt missed. Nathaniel Clyne (Liverpool) right footed shot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the right.
53'		Attempt blocked. Roberto Firmino (Liverpool) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
51'		Goal! Liverpool 2, Middlesbrough 0. Philippe Coutinho (Liverpool) from a free kick with a right footed shot to the bottom left corner.
50'		Foul by Adam Clayton (Middlesbrough).
50'		Daniel Sturridge (Liverpool) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
47'		Delay over. They are ready to continue.
46'		Delay in match Emre Can (Liverpool) because of an injury.
45'		Second Half begins Liverpool 1, Middlesbrough 0.
45'		First Half ends, Liverpool 1, Middlesbrough 0.
45'+1'		Goal! Liverpool 1, Middlesbrough 0. Georginio Wijnaldum (Liverpool) right footed shot from the right side of the box to the top right corner. Assisted by Roberto Firmino.
44'		Patrick Bamford (Middlesbrough) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
44'		Foul by James Milner (Liverpool).
39'		Corner, Middlesbrough. Conceded by Dejan Lovren.
39'		Attempt blocked. Patrick Bamford (Middlesbrough) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by George Friend.
38'		Rudy Gestede (Middlesbrough) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
38'		Foul by Emre Can (Liverpool).
37'		Attempt saved. Roberto Firmino (Liverpool) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Georginio Wijnaldum.
36'		Attempt saved. Adam Lallana (Liverpool) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Georginio Wijnaldum.
34'		Corner, Liverpool. Conceded by Ben Gibson.
33'		Attempt missed. Daniel Sturridge (Liverpool) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Philippe Coutinho.
30'		Attempt missed. Philippe Coutinho (Liverpool) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right.
27'		Attempt missed. Daniel Sturridge (Liverpool) left footed shot from the right side of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Adam Lallana.
25'		Attempt blocked. Philippe Coutinho (Liverpool) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Nathaniel Clyne.
24'		Attempt missed. Rudy Gestede (Middlesbrough) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Stewart Downing with a cross.
23'		Attempt saved. Philippe Coutinho (Liverpool) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by James Milner.
21'		Attempt missed. Emre Can (Liverpool) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Daniel Sturridge.
20'		Attempt blocked. Georginio Wijnaldum (Liverpool) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
20'		Attempt blocked. Roberto Firmino (Liverpool) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Joel Matip.
19'		Philippe Coutinho (Liverpool) wins a free kick on the left wing.
19'		Foul by Grant Leadbitter (Middlesbrough).
18'		Attempt blocked. Grant Leadbitter (Middlesbrough) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
18'		Attempt blocked. Stewart Downing (Middlesbrough) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
17'		Patrick Bamford (Middlesbrough) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
17'		Foul by James Milner (Liverpool).
16'		Rudy Gestede (Middlesbrough) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
16'		Foul by Emre Can (Liverpool).
16'		Attempt blocked. Georginio Wijnaldum (Liverpool) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Roberto Firmino with a headed pass.
15'		George Friend (Middlesbrough) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
15'		Foul by Roberto Firmino (Liverpool).
10'		Rudy Gestede (Middlesbrough) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
10'		Foul by James Milner (Liverpool).
6'		Attempt missed. Nathaniel Clyne (Liverpool) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left.
3'		Rudy Gestede (Middlesbrough) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
3'		Foul by Emre Can (Liverpool).
1'		Attempt saved. Roberto Firmino (Liverpool) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Adam Lallana.
-		Lineups are announced and players are warming up.
-		First Half begins.