90'		Match ends, Atlético de Madrid 2, Real Madrid 1.
90'+3'		Second Half ends, Atlético de Madrid 2, Real Madrid 1.
90'+3'		Attempt missed. Yannick Carrasco (Atlético de Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right.
90'		Corner, Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Keylor Navas.
90'+2'		Attempt saved. Antoine Griezmann (Atlético de Madrid) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Yannick Carrasco.
90'		Corner, Real Madrid. Conceded by Saúl Ñíguez.
90'		Attempt blocked. Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Lucas Vázquez.
90'		Offside, Atlético de Madrid. Gabi tries a through ball, but Diego Godín is caught offside.
89'		Attempt missed. Gabi (Atlético de Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Diego Godín.
89'		Attempt missed. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is too high.
88'		Substitution, Real Madrid. Álvaro Morata replaces Isco.
85'		Ángel Correa (Atlético de Madrid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
85'		Foul by Ángel Correa (Atlético de Madrid).
85'		Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
85'		Lucas Vázquez (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the right wing.
85'		Foul by Filipe Luis (Atlético de Madrid).
85'		Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
85'		Foul by Saúl Ñíguez (Atlético de Madrid).
84'		Marcelo (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
84'		Foul by Thomas Partey (Atlético de Madrid).
84'		Attempt blocked. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Isco.
82'		Offside, Real Madrid. Marcelo tries a through ball, but Cristiano Ronaldo is caught offside.
81'		Luka Modric (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
81'		Foul by Filipe Luis (Atlético de Madrid).
78'		Attempt blocked. Gabi (Atlético de Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Antoine Griezmann.
77'		Corner, Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Sergio Ramos.
77'		Substitution, Real Madrid. Lucas Vázquez replaces Casemiro.
76'		Substitution, Real Madrid. Marco Asensio replaces Karim Benzema.
76'		Substitution, Atlético de Madrid. Ángel Correa replaces Koke.
75'		Attempt missed. Koke (Atlético de Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Yannick Carrasco.
74'		Attempt missed. Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Marcelo with a cross.
73'		Foul by Diego Godín (Atlético de Madrid).
73'		Casemiro (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
72'		Kevin Gameiro (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick on the right wing.
72'		Foul by Casemiro (Real Madrid).
71'		Keylor Navas (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
71'		Foul by Antoine Griezmann (Atlético de Madrid).
71'		Corner, Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Keylor Navas.
70'		Attempt saved. Antoine Griezmann (Atlético de Madrid) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Gabi.
69'		Offside, Real Madrid. Luka Modric tries a through ball, but Cristiano Ronaldo is caught offside.
69'		Attempt missed. Luka Modric (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Toni Kroos following a corner.
69'		Corner, Real Madrid. Conceded by Thomas Partey.
66'		Corner, Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Keylor Navas.
66'		Attempt saved. Kevin Gameiro (Atlético de Madrid) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
66'		Attempt saved. Yannick Carrasco (Atlético de Madrid) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
66'		Attempt blocked. Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Marcelo.
65'		Isco (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the left wing.
65'		Foul by Thomas Partey (Atlético de Madrid).
64'		Foul by Kevin Gameiro (Atlético de Madrid).
64'		Casemiro (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
61'		Foul by Gabi (Atlético de Madrid).
61'		Casemiro (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
58'		Corner, Real Madrid. Conceded by Gabi.
58'		Attempt missed. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Marcelo.
57'		Substitution, Atlético de Madrid. Thomas Partey replaces José Giménez.
56'		Substitution, Atlético de Madrid. Kevin Gameiro replaces Fernando Torres.
55'		Attempt missed. Isco (Real Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Danilo.
52'		Foul by José Giménez (Atlético de Madrid).
52'		Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
50'		Attempt missed. Antoine Griezmann (Atlético de Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is too high from a direct free kick.
49'		José Giménez (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
49'		Foul by Isco (Real Madrid).
48'		Attempt missed. Marcelo (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the centre of the box is too high following a set piece situation.
47'		Attempt saved. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from a difficult angle and long range on the left is saved in the centre of the goal.
47'		Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the left wing.
47'		Foul by Antoine Griezmann (Atlético de Madrid).
46'		Corner, Real Madrid. Conceded by José Giménez.
45'		Second Half begins Atlético de Madrid 2, Real Madrid 1.
45'		First Half ends, Atlético de Madrid 2, Real Madrid 1.
45'+4'		Attempt missed. Stefan Savic (Atlético de Madrid) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Koke following a set piece situation.
45'+3'		Hand ball by Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid).
45'		Delay over. They are ready to continue.
45'		Delay in match Keylor Navas (Real Madrid) because of an injury.
45'		Keylor Navas (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
45'		Foul by Fernando Torres (Atlético de Madrid).
44'		Foul by Yannick Carrasco (Atlético de Madrid).
44'		Casemiro (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
42'		Goal! Atlético de Madrid 2, Real Madrid 1. Isco (Real Madrid) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom left corner.
42'		Attempt saved. Toni Kroos (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Karim Benzema.
41'		Corner, Real Madrid. Conceded by Filipe Luis.
38'		Attempt saved. Isco (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Cristiano Ronaldo.
37'		Gabi (Atlético de Madrid) is shown the yellow card.
37'		Foul by Isco (Real Madrid).
37'		Antoine Griezmann (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
36'		Attempt blocked. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Karim Benzema.
34'		Delay over. They are ready to continue.
34'		Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) is shown the yellow card.
34'		Diego Godín (Atlético de Madrid) is shown the yellow card.
34'		Delay in match Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) because of an injury.
33'		Foul by Diego Godín (Atlético de Madrid).
33'		Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
32'		Foul by Casemiro (Real Madrid).
32'		Antoine Griezmann (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
32'		Attempt blocked. Casemiro (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Isco.
29'		Foul by Fernando Torres (Atlético de Madrid).
29'		Casemiro (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
28'		Luka Modric (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
28'		Foul by Koke (Atlético de Madrid).
26'		Karim Benzema (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
26'		Foul by Saúl Ñíguez (Atlético de Madrid).
26'		Attempt blocked. Luka Modric (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Toni Kroos.
25'		Isco (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
25'		Foul by Saúl Ñíguez (Atlético de Madrid).
21'		Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
21'		Dangerous play by Fernando Torres (Atlético de Madrid).
20'		Attempt missed. Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Toni Kroos with a cross following a corner.
19'		Corner, Real Madrid. Conceded by Saúl Ñíguez.
19'		Attempt blocked. Casemiro (Real Madrid) header from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Toni Kroos with a cross.
19'		Corner, Real Madrid. Conceded by Yannick Carrasco.
18'		Isco (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the left wing.
18'		Foul by Antoine Griezmann (Atlético de Madrid).
18'		Corner, Real Madrid. Conceded by José Giménez.
16'		Goal! Atlético de Madrid 2, Real Madrid 0. Antoine Griezmann (Atlético de Madrid) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the centre of the goal.
15'		Penalty conceded by Raphael Varane (Real Madrid) after a foul in the penalty area.
15'		Penalty Atlético de Madrid. Fernando Torres draws a foul in the penalty area.
13'		Attempt missed. Gabi (Atlético de Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right.
12'		Goal! Atlético de Madrid 1, Real Madrid 0. Saúl Ñíguez (Atlético de Madrid) header from the centre of the box to the top right corner. Assisted by Koke with a cross following a corner.
12'		Corner, Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Toni Kroos.
12'		Attempt blocked. Yannick Carrasco (Atlético de Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Fernando Torres.
11'		Corner, Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Casemiro.
8'		Attempt missed. Saúl Ñíguez (Atlético de Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Yannick Carrasco.
7'		Attempt saved. Casemiro (Real Madrid) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Toni Kroos with a cross.
6'		Stefan Savic (Atlético de Madrid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
6'		Isco (Real Madrid) wins a free kick on the right wing.
6'		Foul by Stefan Savic (Atlético de Madrid).
6'		Attempt missed. Fernando Torres (Atlético de Madrid) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Koke with a cross following a corner.
5'		Corner, Atlético de Madrid. Conceded by Keylor Navas.
5'		Attempt saved. Koke (Atlético de Madrid) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Yannick Carrasco with a cross.
4'		Danilo (Real Madrid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
4'		Foul by Danilo (Real Madrid).
4'		Filipe Luis (Atlético de Madrid) wins a free kick on the left wing.
3'		Attempt saved. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Isco.
2'		Attempt missed. Antoine Griezmann (Atlético de Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is too high. Assisted by Gabi.
1'		Sergio Ramos (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
1'		Foul by Fernando Torres (Atlético de Madrid).
-		Lineups are announced and players are warming up.
-		First Half begins.
