90'		Match ends, Arsenal 3, Everton 1.
90'		Second Half ends, Arsenal 3, Everton 1.
90'+4'		Attempt missed. Ross Barkley (Everton) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the right. Assisted by Romelu Lukaku.
90'+3'		Attempt saved. Danny Welbeck (Arsenal) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
90'+3'		Francis Coquelin (Arsenal) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
90'+3'		Foul by Ross Barkley (Everton).
90'+1'		Goal! Arsenal 3, Everton 1. Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) right footed shot from the left side of the box to the top right corner. Assisted by Mesut Özil.
90'		Corner, Arsenal. Conceded by Gareth Barry.
89'		Attempt missed. Ross Barkley (Everton) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Morgan Schneiderlin.
88'		Attempt saved. Alex Iwobi (Arsenal) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Mesut Özil.
86'		Corner, Everton. Conceded by Héctor Bellerín.
85'		Attempt missed. Danny Welbeck (Arsenal) header from the left side of the six yard box misses to the left. Assisted by Héctor Bellerín.
85'		Attempt blocked. Alex Iwobi (Arsenal) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Héctor Bellerín.
83'		Substitution, Everton. Arouna Koné replaces Enner Valencia.
83'		Attempt missed. Romelu Lukaku (Everton) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Gareth Barry.
79'		Attempt missed. Enner Valencia (Everton) right footed shot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Romelu Lukaku.
78'		Attempt missed. Phil Jagielka (Everton) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Kevin Mirallas with a cross following a corner.
78'		Corner, Everton. Conceded by Héctor Bellerín.
78'		Attempt blocked. Gareth Barry (Everton) header from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Mason Holgate with a cross.
78'		Attempt blocked. Kevin Mirallas (Everton) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked.
78'		Attempt blocked. Ross Barkley (Everton) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Leighton Baines.
76'		Attempt missed. Kevin Mirallas (Everton) right footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Leighton Baines following a corner.
76'		Corner, Everton. Conceded by Héctor Bellerín.
75'		Attempt saved. Mesut Özil (Arsenal) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Aaron Ramsey with a through ball.
73'		Leighton Baines (Everton) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
73'		Foul by Leighton Baines (Everton).
73'		Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
68'		Ross Barkley (Everton) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
68'		Foul by Rob Holding (Arsenal).
68'		Substitution, Arsenal. Alex Iwobi replaces Alexis Sánchez because of an injury.
67'		Per Mertesacker (Arsenal) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
67'		Foul by Enner Valencia (Everton).
66'		Attempt missed. Gareth Barry (Everton) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right.
65'		Foul by Gareth Barry (Everton).
65'		Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
64'		Mesut Özil (Arsenal) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
64'		Foul by Morgan Schneiderlin (Everton).
62'		Rob Holding (Arsenal) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
62'		Foul by Rob Holding (Arsenal).
62'		Enner Valencia (Everton) wins a free kick on the right wing.
62'		Substitution, Arsenal. Francis Coquelin replaces Granit Xhaka.
61'		Morgan Schneiderlin (Everton) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
60'		Granit Xhaka (Arsenal) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
60'		Foul by Morgan Schneiderlin (Everton).
60'		Attempt blocked. Ross Barkley (Everton) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Mason Holgate.
58'		Goal! Arsenal 2, Everton 1. Romelu Lukaku (Everton) converts the penalty with a left footed shot to the bottom left corner.
57'		Penalty conceded by Rob Holding (Arsenal) with a hand ball in the penalty area.
55'		Foul by Ashley Williams (Everton).
55'		Danny Welbeck (Arsenal) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
53'		Delay over. They are ready to continue.
53'		Substitution, Arsenal. Per Mertesacker replaces Gabriel because of an injury.
52'		Gabriel (Arsenal) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
49'		Delay in match Gabriel (Arsenal) because of an injury.
49'		Delay in match Enner Valencia (Everton) because of an injury.
49'		Foul by Gabriel (Arsenal).
49'		Enner Valencia (Everton) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
48'		Attempt saved. Mesut Özil (Arsenal) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
48'		Attempt saved. Danny Welbeck (Arsenal) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Alexis Sánchez.
48'		Attempt blocked. Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
47'		Attempt saved. Romelu Lukaku (Everton) with an attempt from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Gareth Barry.
47'		Phil Jagielka (Everton) wins a free kick on the right wing.
47'		Foul by Alexis Sánchez (Arsenal).
45'		Substitution, Everton. Gareth Barry replaces Idrissa Gueye.
45'		Second Half begins Arsenal 2, Everton 0.
45'+3'		First Half ends, Arsenal 2, Everton 0.
45'		Corner, Everton. Conceded by Gabriel.
45'		Attempt blocked. Romelu Lukaku (Everton) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Ross Barkley.
44'		Attempt blocked. Mesut Özil (Arsenal) left footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Granit Xhaka.
43'		Attempt saved. Enner Valencia (Everton) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Leighton Baines.
43'		Corner, Everton. Conceded by Petr Cech.
43'		Attempt saved. Romelu Lukaku (Everton) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Mason Holgate with a cross.
41'		Corner, Everton. Conceded by Petr Cech.
41'		Attempt saved. Idrissa Gueye (Everton) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner. Assisted by Morgan Schneiderlin.
40'		Kevin Mirallas (Everton) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
40'		Foul by Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal).
39'		Phil Jagielka (Everton) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
39'		Foul by Phil Jagielka (Everton).
39'		Alexis Sánchez (Arsenal) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
38'		Attempt saved. Romelu Lukaku (Everton) left footed shot from very close range is saved in the bottom right corner.
38'		Attempt blocked. Enner Valencia (Everton) left footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked.
38'		Attempt missed. Ross Barkley (Everton) left footed shot from the left side of the box misses to the right.
37'		Corner, Arsenal. Conceded by Mason Holgate.
35'		Granit Xhaka (Arsenal) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
35'		Foul by Idrissa Gueye (Everton).
32'		Attempt saved. Alexis Sánchez (Arsenal) right footed shot from a difficult angle and long range on the left is saved in the centre of the goal.
31'		Foul by Mason Holgate (Everton).
31'		Danny Welbeck (Arsenal) wins a free kick on the left wing.
30'		Idrissa Gueye (Everton) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
30'		Foul by Mesut Özil (Arsenal).
30'		Attempt blocked. Ross Barkley (Everton) right footed shot from the centre of the box is blocked. Assisted by Romelu Lukaku.
27'		Goal! Arsenal 2, Everton 0. Alexis Sánchez (Arsenal) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Danny Welbeck.
27'		Attempt blocked. Alexis Sánchez (Arsenal) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Mesut Özil.
26'		Substitution, Everton. Ross Barkley replaces Tom Davies.
24'		Hand ball by Leighton Baines (Everton).
24'		Attempt missed. Gabriel (Arsenal) header from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Alexis Sánchez with a cross following a corner.
23'		Corner, Arsenal. Conceded by Enner Valencia.
23'		Attempt blocked. Alexis Sánchez (Arsenal) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
22'		Foul by Idrissa Gueye (Everton).
22'		Alexis Sánchez (Arsenal) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
19'		Kevin Mirallas (Everton) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
19'		Foul by Mesut Özil (Arsenal).
19'		Ashley Williams (Everton) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul.
19'		Foul by Ashley Williams (Everton).
19'		Alexis Sánchez (Arsenal) wins a free kick on the right wing.
18'		Offside, Everton. Kevin Mirallas tries a through ball, but Romelu Lukaku is caught offside.
16'		Delay over. They are ready to continue.
14'		Delay in match Enner Valencia (Everton) because of an injury.
14'		Laurent Koscielny (Arsenal) is shown the red card.
14'		Foul by Laurent Koscielny (Arsenal).
14'		Enner Valencia (Everton) wins a free kick on the right wing.
13'		Attempt saved. Kevin Mirallas (Everton) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Idrissa Gueye.
11'		Romelu Lukaku (Everton) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
11'		Foul by Granit Xhaka (Arsenal).
9'		Corner, Arsenal. Conceded by Leighton Baines.
9'		Nacho Monreal (Arsenal) wins a free kick on the left wing.
9'		Foul by Enner Valencia (Everton).
9'		Laurent Koscielny (Arsenal) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
9'		Foul by Romelu Lukaku (Everton).
8'		Goal! Arsenal 1, Everton 0. Héctor Bellerín (Arsenal) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Danny Welbeck.
2'		Attempt missed. Danny Welbeck (Arsenal) right footed shot from very close range misses to the right.
-		Lineups are announced and players are warming up.
-		First Half begins.